hey friends this is Becky Lewis in
central Indiana and I just wanted to
show you this this weasel Pro a garden
weasel thing you've probably seen it
advertised on TV well I have to tell you
it is like my favorite tool of all time
and I love tools so I just want to tell
you and I want to show you how easily
this thing works okay
many of you know I haven't been up to
health for umpteen years it's been like
20 years since I've had health to do
this kind of stuff very much and this
particular bed this whole thing all the
way all the way up to to the house and
all the way down to here well past here
to these IRS and stuff but have not been
working in fact you can see how how
thick the IRS are and and how badly they
need thinned out but but anyway I wanted
to show you how well this thing works
okay there's there's patch of grass
stuff weeds and stuff here that has it's
very well established and it's hard to
pull out with gloves so I wanted to show
you how the weasel Pro works so hang on
just a minute and I'm going to get
hopefully a good enough shot where you
can see what I'm doing okay well I'm
going to leave that there and get my
gloves back on here and and I'll show
you how this works
if you haven't if you haven't ever tried
them oh my gosh people that have carpal
tunnel which is a lot of people out
there that have carpal tunnel which is
why I use it well it's just plain easier
even when my carpal tunnel is not
bothering me but anyway it just it just
gives you a lot more strength and it's
really really really easy so hang on so
I'm going to show you right here
you just put it down in here I put my
foot down on there just give it a twist
and it's really established like that I
push it down here give it a rock or two
and you can just literally pull the
plugs right up just like that
you can untwist it or you can leave it
on you pull out the entire plug just
like that then you have a planting Hall
if you want so anyway there you have it
much easier than trying to pull those
out by hand and get a lot of baby trees
with new stuff too so but anyway friends
I just wanted to show you how easy that
was and there you have it the weasel Pro
that sucker is a jewel have a good day
bye for now